{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Question 1: Servers\
\
A backend server is everything behind-the-scenes on a website. The user interaction happens on the front end, and then the underlying processes in the backend server are employed. A backend server usually is comprised of a server, an application, and a database. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/film-games/whats-difference-front-end-back-end"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/film-games/whats-difference-front-end-back-end}}\
This blog post comes from a reputable source, is well written, and lays out the definitions of front- and back-end servers. It describes what jobs are associated with the two \'93ends\'94 as well, contextualizing the processes. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reference.com/technology/back-end-server-d4d0f1b851cd7424"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://www.reference.com/technology/back-end-server-d4d0f1b851cd7424}}
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
This resource is an answer written on reference.com, and is concise and readable. I find it important to include some more colloquial references when researching things like this, as it helps ground me and provide some background to all the technical jargon that other sites usually include in their answers to simple questions. \

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/i-dont-speak-your-language-frontend-vs-backend"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/i-dont-speak-your-language-frontend-vs-backend}}\
Similarly, this blog post is  part of the \'93I don\'92t speak your language\'94 series and explains the backend server, and the distinction between design and development clearly and concisely.  \
\
}