{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Question 3: JS\
\
Promises represent an object or value that will be defined in the future. It acts as a placeholder for data that will become available at a later date. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.datchley.name/es6-promises/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.promisejs.org/\
}}\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This article gives a basic overview of what promises are, with clear headings and no huge blocks of text. It provides a solid background for the following two resources to build upon. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/getting-started/primers/promises"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/getting-started/primers/promises}}\
I like this article because it\'92s funny and cute, and also very informative in a way that I understand. The author breaks concepts down with lists, and shows examples of the code. This necessitates that you know how to read code before understanding the concepts it presents.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mattgreer.org/articles/promises-in-wicked-detail/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.mattgreer.org/articles/promises-in-wicked-detail/}}\
This article is well-written and very in-depth, and provides jsfiddle examples of the code as he builds upon it section by section. \
\
I usually look to w3schools for help with coding questions. }