{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Question 2: SQL vs NoSQL\
\
SQL databases store data in a \'93relational model\'94, with rows and columns. Conversely, NoSQL is an umbrella term for a wide range of other data storage methods, including document, graph, key-value and columnar. SQL databases use structured query language; in NoSQL, as the name would suggest, that unifying syntax doesn\'92t exist. SQL databases are \'93vertically scalable\'94, which means that you cannot increase the storage without increasing the CPU, RAM, or SSD, which is potentially expensive. With NoSQL\'92s horizontally scalable structure you only need to add more servers for more space. It seems that both of the data structures have a place depending on the situation, but NoSQL is more useful across the board as it is more flexible and can handle a larger traffic load. However, I suppose that the power of the SQL system is its query language, and because of that uniform syntax the databases can handle complex queries. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dataconomy.com/2014/07/sql-vs-nosql-need-know/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://dataconomy.com/2014/07/sql-vs-nosql-need-know/}}\
This article provides a helpful table that compares SQL and NoSQL on a number of relevant features, which is text-heavy but informative and laid out in a way that I understand. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thegeekstuff.com/2014/01/sql-vs-nosql-db/?utm_source=tuicool"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.thegeekstuff.com/2014/01/sql-vs-nosql-db/?utm_source=tuicool}}\
This page scared me off at first with the term \'93high-level differences\'94, but the comparisons laid out are quite approachable. They give database examples at the end, which is helpful as well. }